Avoid calling RCB in each kk_extract_diagonal_blocks_crsmatrix_with_rcb_sequential (#2963)
kokkos/kokkos-kernels: docs/source/API/sparse/extract_diagonal_blocks_rcb.rst

.. code:: c++

  template <typename crsMat_t, typename perm_view_type>
  void kk_extract_diagonal_blocks_crsmatrix_with_rcb_sequential(
      const crsMat_t &A, const perm_view_type &perm_rcb, const perm_view_type &reverse_perm_rcb,
      const std::vector<typename crsMat_t::non_const_ordinal_type> partition_sizes_rcb,
      std::vector<crsMat_t> &DiagBlk_v);

Extract diagonal blocks from a square CRS matrix using the pre-run RCB partition information. This function must be called after applying RCB to the coordinates associated with the rows/columns of the CRS matrix.

The number of diagonal blocks is the number of partitions for RCB.

The function will return a vector of diagonal blocks corresponding to the RCB partitions.

> The function will throw a runtime exception if any of the following conditions are not met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function will throw a runtime exception if any of the following conditions are true:
```

Reviewer: Or negate the conditions below :)

Author: @brian-kelley Thank you for catching it! It has been fixed.
